All right, we're coming to the end of
practical engineering management 102.
I hope there's been some really good
takeaways, people have learned something.
I just wanna recap that
we've covered quite a bit.
Jim got us from 101 to starting
that being the manager and
then we picked up where how to
set up our team for success,
dealing with roadmaps,
dealing with setting a vision.
And we talked about hiring,
interviewing practices, networking.
And then we talked about how building up
partnerships and why that's important.
And then really, how do we give and
receive feedback?
And then lastly,
how to deal with change management and
make sure that we are helping
our team through those changes.
I wanna thank everyone for just joining
me and going through this course.
I want it to be a helpful resource.
It's great hearing a lot of the audience
participation and input, right?
This is not something
that's one size fits all.
Everything has these different
situations and it's so
helpful for us to kind of share our
thoughts and input on various scenarios.
So I'm really thankful for
the participation cuz I think
that makes us all better.
Now I wanna leave you all with
some leadership resources.
There's a lot of amazing
resources out there.
I actually have compiled a big list
that I continually add to on Github.
It is just a read me.
But it has a list of articles and
books, podcasts, videos,
various things on leadership.
And I think that it is really
helpful to always be learning or
just getting different perspectives.
I know in Jim's one-on-one course,
he talked about the one book,
the first 90 days,
we're he didn't find it that useful.
That's okay cuz it was some other
perspective that he's like.
Yeah, I wouldn't do that.
Maybe he took away two points out of it.
And that's all, that's cool.
That's like I think is really helpful.
It's great to kind of always be
checking and learning on these things.
So I have a laundry list of that and I've
called out a few books that I found really
useful throughout my time and ones that I
would maybe if even gone back and read.
One of my favorites, radical candor.
This gets out a lot about giving and
receiving feedback is so well done.
Kim Scott walks you through like a lot of
tactical advice on how to provide feedback
and have those hard conversations, so
I highly recommend checking that one.
And then our friend Sarah Drasner, and
actually a teacher on Frontend Masters
has written an excellent book that I
feel is it does a really good job.
Of highlighting management for managers,
but also for engineers who just want
better insights into what being a leader
looks like, how they can show up better.
There's a lot of really good
information on this book
The Manager's Path, I think this was one
that I read fairly early in my career and
it has been a while.
I don't think I've gone back to it,
but I have often given advice for
newer managers.
I'm pretty sure I've even
told Gem about this one.
that there was some really good advice in
this book to just read covers a lot of
different different tact techniques and
being a leader,
so I highly recommend
checking that one out.
And then finally, a parenting book.
Well, how's this leadership?
Well, this is absolutely
one of my favourite books.
Yes, I'm a parent and I believe I
read it because of being a parent.
And yeah, okay, my direct reports
are not kids, but I think there's so
many great tactics for
just how to communicate better in this,
how to talk so kids will listen and
listen so kids will talk.
This is really valuable.
I honestly think everyone
should read this and
it would just make you
a better communicator.
You don't have to be a leader or
a manager.
It just honestly helps
with any relationship or
conversation that you're having, so
I highly recommend checking that one out.
Thank you for
attending Practical Engineering
102, thank you all.
>> [APPLAUSE]